I'm Jacob called his sons gather
I'm Jacob called his sons gather together that I may tell you what shall
together that I may tell you what shall
together that I may tell you what shall befall you in the last days gather
befall you in the last days gather
befall you in the last days gather together and hear you sons of Jacob and
together and hear you sons of Jacob and
together and hear you sons of Jacob and listen to Israel your father Reuben you
listen to Israel your father Reuben you
listen to Israel your father Reuben you are my firstborn my might and the
are my firstborn my might and the
are my firstborn my might and the beginning of my strength the excellency
beginning of my strength the excellency
beginning of my strength the excellency of dignity in the excellency of power
of dignity in the excellency of power
of dignity in the excellency of power unstable as water
unstable as water
unstable as water you shall not Excel because you went up
you shall not Excel because you went up
you shall not Excel because you went up to your father's bed then you defiled it
to your father's bed then you defiled it
to your father's bed then you defiled it he went up to my couch Simeon and Levi
he went up to my couch Simeon and Levi
he went up to my couch Simeon and Levi are brothers instruments of Cruelty are
are brothers instruments of Cruelty are
are brothers instruments of Cruelty are in their dwelling place let not my soul
in their dwelling place let not my soul
in their dwelling place let not my soul enter their Council let not my honor be
enter their Council let not my honor be
enter their Council let not my honor be United to their assembly for in their
United to their assembly for in their
United to their assembly for in their anger they slew a man and in their self
anger they slew a man and in their self
anger they slew a man and in their self will they hamstrung an ox curse it to be
will they hamstrung an ox curse it to be
will they hamstrung an ox curse it to be their anger for it is fierce and their
their anger for it is fierce and their
their anger for it is fierce and their wrath for it is cruel I will divide them
wrath for it is cruel I will divide them
wrath for it is cruel I will divide them in Jacob and scatter them in Israel
in Jacob and scatter them in Israel
in Jacob and scatter them in Israel Judah you are he whom your brothers
Judah you are he whom your brothers
Judah you are he whom your brothers shall praise your hand shall be on the
shall praise your hand shall be on the
shall praise your hand shall be on the neck of your enemies your father's
neck of your enemies your father's
neck of your enemies your father's children shall bow down before you Judah
children shall bow down before you Judah
children shall bow down before you Judah is a lion's whelp from the prey my son
is a lion's whelp from the prey my son
is a lion's whelp from the prey my son you have gone up he boughs down he lies
you have gone up he boughs down he lies
you have gone up he boughs down he lies down as a lion and as a lion who shall
down as a lion and as a lion who shall
down as a lion and as a lion who shall rouse him the scepter shall not depart
rouse him the scepter shall not depart
rouse him the scepter shall not depart from Judah nor a lawgiver from between
from Judah nor a lawgiver from between
from Judah nor a lawgiver from between his feet until Shiloh comes and to him
his feet until Shiloh comes and to him
his feet until Shiloh comes and to him shall be the obedience of the people
shall be the obedience of the people
shall be the obedience of the people binding his donkey to the vine and his
binding his donkey to the vine and his
binding his donkey to the vine and his donkey's Colt to the choice vine he
donkey's Colt to the choice vine he
donkey's Colt to the choice vine he washed his garments in wine and his
washed his garments in wine and his
washed his garments in wine and his clothes in the blood of grapes
clothes in the blood of grapes
clothes in the blood of grapes his eyes are darker than wine and his
his eyes are darker than wine and his
his eyes are darker than wine and his teeth whiter than milk
teeth whiter than milk
teeth whiter than milk Zebulon shall dwell by the haven of the
Zebulon shall dwell by the haven of the
Zebulon shall dwell by the haven of the sea he shall become a haven for ships
sea he shall become a haven for ships
sea he shall become a haven for ships and his border shall adjoined side on a
and his border shall adjoined side on a
and his border shall adjoined side on a sacar is a strong donkey lying down
sacar is a strong donkey lying down
sacar is a strong donkey lying down between two burdens he saw that rest was
between two burdens he saw that rest was
between two burdens he saw that rest was good and that the land was pleasant he
good and that the land was pleasant he
good and that the land was pleasant he bowed his shoulder to bear a burden and
bowed his shoulder to bear a burden and
bowed his shoulder to bear a burden and became a band of slaves Dan shall judge
became a band of slaves Dan shall judge
became a band of slaves Dan shall judge his people as one of the tribes of
his people as one of the tribes of
his people as one of the tribes of Israel Dan shall be a serpent by the way
Israel Dan shall be a serpent by the way
Israel Dan shall be a serpent by the way a viper by the path that bites the
a viper by the path that bites the
a viper by the path that bites the horses heels so that it's rider shall
horses heels so that it's rider shall
horses heels so that it's rider shall fall backward I have waited for your
fall backward I have waited for your
fall backward I have waited for your salvation O Lord GAD the troupe shalt
salvation O Lord GAD the troupe shalt
salvation O Lord GAD the troupe shalt ramp up on him
ramp up on him
ramp up on him but he shall triumph at last bread from
but he shall triumph at last bread from
but he shall triumph at last bread from Ashur shall be rich and he shall yield
Ashur shall be rich and he shall yield
Ashur shall be rich and he shall yield Royal dainty's NAFTA why is a deer let
Royal dainty's NAFTA why is a deer let
Royal dainty's NAFTA why is a deer let loose he uses beautiful words Joseph is
loose he uses beautiful words Joseph is
loose he uses beautiful words Joseph is a fruitful bough of fruitfulness
branches run over the wall the archers
branches run over the wall the archers have bitterly grieved him shot at him
have bitterly grieved him shot at him
have bitterly grieved him shot at him and hated him but his bow remained in
and hated him but his bow remained in
and hated him but his bow remained in strength and the arms of his hands were
strength and the arms of his hands were
strength and the arms of his hands were made strong by the hands of the mighty
made strong by the hands of the mighty
made strong by the hands of the mighty God of Jacob
God of Jacob
God of Jacob from there is the shepherd the stone of
from there is the shepherd the stone of
from there is the shepherd the stone of Israel by the God of your father who
Israel by the God of your father who
Israel by the God of your father who will help you and by the Almighty who
will help you and by the Almighty who
will help you and by the Almighty who will bless you with blessings of heaven
will bless you with blessings of heaven
will bless you with blessings of heaven above blessings of the deep that lies
above blessings of the deep that lies
above blessings of the deep that lies beneath blessings of the breasts and of
beneath blessings of the breasts and of
beneath blessings of the breasts and of the womb the blessings of your father
the womb the blessings of your father
the womb the blessings of your father have excelled the blessings of my
have excelled the blessings of my
have excelled the blessings of my ancestors up to the utmost bound of the
ancestors up to the utmost bound of the
ancestors up to the utmost bound of the everlasting hills they shall be on the
everlasting hills they shall be on the
everlasting hills they shall be on the head of Joseph and on the crown of the
head of Joseph and on the crown of the
head of Joseph and on the crown of the head of him who was separate from his
head of him who was separate from his
head of him who was separate from his brothers Benjamin is a ravenous wolf in
brothers Benjamin is a ravenous wolf in
brothers Benjamin is a ravenous wolf in the morning he shall devour the prey and
the morning he shall devour the prey and
the morning he shall devour the prey and at night he shall divide the spawning
at night he shall divide the spawning
at night he shall divide the spawning all these are the twelve tribes of
all these are the twelve tribes of
all these are the twelve tribes of Israel and this is what their father
Israel and this is what their father
Israel and this is what their father spoke to them and he blessed them he
spoke to them and he blessed them he
spoke to them and he blessed them he blessed each one according to his own
blessed each one according to his own
blessed each one according to his own blessing then he charged them I am to be
blessing then he charged them I am to be
blessing then he charged them I am to be gathered to my people bury me with my
gathered to my people bury me with my
gathered to my people bury me with my father's and the cave that is in the
father's and the cave that is in the
father's and the cave that is in the field of Ephraim the Hittite in the cave
field of Ephraim the Hittite in the cave
field of Ephraim the Hittite in the cave that is in the field of Machpelah which
that is in the field of Machpelah which
that is in the field of Machpelah which is before Mamre in the land of Canaan
is before Mamre in the land of Canaan
is before Mamre in the land of Canaan which Abraham bought with the field of
which Abraham bought with the field of
which Abraham bought with the field of Ephraim the hittite as a possession for
Ephraim the hittite as a possession for
Ephraim the hittite as a possession for a burial place there they buried Abraham
a burial place there they buried Abraham
a burial place there they buried Abraham and Sarah his wife there they buried
and Sarah his wife there they buried
and Sarah his wife there they buried Isaac and Rebecca his wife and there I
Isaac and Rebecca his wife and there I
Isaac and Rebecca his wife and there I buried Leah the field and the cave that
buried Leah the field and the cave that
buried Leah the field and the cave that is there
is there
is there or purchased from the sons of Heth
and when Jacob had finished commanding
and when Jacob had finished commanding his sons he drew his feet up into the
his sons he drew his feet up into the
his sons he drew his feet up into the bed and breathed his last and was
bed and breathed his last and was
bed and breathed his last and was gathered to his people
gathered to his people
gathered to his people [Music]